Cache Simulator - Part 2
--------------------------
This assignment is extension of first cache simulator assignment. In this second
part of the assignment you will implement following new features:
    1) Memory hierarchy (Two cache levels: L1 and L2, and a main memory)
    2) Cache timing statistics 
    3) Eviction policy for read misses and writes (write-through)
		Write-through - when writing new data to cache, all lower levels of the cache (and main memory) get updated with the same address and same data. This ensures consistency throughout all levels of cache and main memory
    4) No-Write Allocate policy for write misses - on a write miss, the cache is NOT updated with the new address and data. No cache lines are evicted. Only main memory is updated with the new data for the specified addre
    
Following are the default parameters of the memory system:

L1 Cache:
	Cache Size: 64KB
	Associativity : 4
	Block Size : 32 bytes
	Hit time = 1ns
L2 Cache:
	Cache Size: 128KB
	Associativity : 16
	Block Size : 32 bytes
	Hit time = 15ns
Main Memory:
	Size : 1MB
	Access time = 700ns

Following files will be provided for the assignment:
1) Memory foot print: This file will have the data worth 1MB in chunks of
32-bit words.
2) Two sample input and output files. Input file will have memory access
commands, address and data. Output file will be extended to include average
memory access time, best case and worst case memory access time.

Memory Hierarchy:
	You can create L1 and L2 caches by creating two instances of the base cache that 
you designed in the first part of the assignment. 

Cache Timing Model:
	You need to extend the base cache to include hit latency of cache. 
You also need to add methods to compute access time statistics. One way to 
implement the timing model is to keep track of access time at each level, 
accumulate in the end and return to the processor. The processor can accumulate 
the access time across all requests and compute average memory access time, 
best case memory access time and worst case memory access time in the end 
of the simulation.  

Eviction And Allocation Policy:
	You will be implementing write-through eviction policy, and No-Write allocate policy for
write misses. With write-through, No-Write allocate policies, here is how read/write 
hits/misses should be handled:
	1) Read hit results in no eviction/allocation
	2) Read misses 
		a) Read the new block from lower levels into LRU cache line (or
		empty line if available).
	3) Write hits write data to all levels of caches and to main memory.
	4) Write misses
		a) Write the data to lower cache levels and main memory.

We are assuming that write buffer size is big enough that processor never stalls
for writes. Therefore, AMAT calculation should not include write hit/miss stats.

During the initialization, you need to create caches, clear them and also 
initialize your main memory with the memory foot print. Your main memory can 
just be an array that holds 32-bit data. While reading main memory, you need to
compute right index into this array and read/write entire cache block size.

Command to run the simulator for default parameters should be:
	./cacheSim 65536 4 32 131072 16 32 input1.txt
Above command has L1 cache parameters (size, associativity, block size) followed
by L2 cache parameters.

Assumptions:
1. Writes and reads are always 32bits long.
2. Block Size is always multiple of 4 bytes.
3. Read and Write addresses are 32bit aligned. This removes the necessity to
check for any partial data availability.
4. If cache has no accesses, its hit and miss rates are printed as "0%".
5. All outputs are expected to be rounded unsigned integers (and not as doubles).

Expectations:
1. Your code should compile with the Makefile provided in assignment 1. 
2. If you add any additional source files, please add those to the Makefile and
don't forget to commit your Makefile.
3. No source code is provided for this assignment, as it builds on first part of
the assignment that you have coded already.
4. Output of your program should match exactly with sample outputs provided.
Sample outputs are generated for above cache/mem specifications. To make sure
your program output matches the expected output run 'diff'. 
